What is React?
React is library of js, which helps us to create an optimised and scalable single page application.

JS :
    library : React (CSR : Client Side Rendering)
    framework : Angular (CSR & SSR : Client & Server Side Rendering)

React Installation
    Step 1: Installation of Node JS.
    Step 2: Open a folder in Vs Code.
    Step 3: Run the command to create the React folder.
        If faliure in step 3 : right click on windows --> open Terminal(Admin) --> Run command : Set-ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned --> Restart your vscode --> All Fix.

    Step 4: npm install : Install all the packages(node_modules)
    Step 5: npm run dev : For go live

JSX : Javascript Extensible , where we can write js & html together.

Import : To use any components

Export : To export your own component to use in any other file.
    i. default : It can be only applied once in a file.
    ii. named : Multiple export from a file.

What is Component?
It is a block of code that contains some feature and can be re-use when required.
Components are of two types:
    i. Class Component : Not more in use, because very lengthy process,not easy to understand.
    ii. Functional Component : Very easy syntax.

Component name must start with Capital Letters.

How we can use JS in HTML?
In Html we can JS variable using {var_name}.

Pillars of React?
i. State : Managing the value of a component.
ii. Props : Transfeering dat from parent component to child component.
iii. Hooks : A feature that helps us to create our application fast.

WHat is conditional Rendering?
Giving an output according to condition.Ternary Operator
(condition) ? statement1 : statment2

What is Wrapper Element?
It is based on && operator.
condition/variable && code/text

Class 2 : Props , UseEffect , Form Handling
What is props?
Props is a technique where we transfer data from parent to child element.

What is UseEffect?
It is our react hook which helps us to handle the side effects of the UI.
Api Response , Updates ,.....

Form Handling are of two types:
    i. Manual : Here , we have to write the logic to handle the form data. : Controlled Statement
    ii. Package : Here we install a package to handle the form data : Uncontrolled Statement